Yanchen, can you fight again now?
I'm up for that.
I didn't expect it too
We still can't escape the fate of being slaughtered
I'm totally done now
From the moment I entered heaven
Life and death have been put aside
I'd rather die standing up.
Never live on your knees
I would rather die standing
Xia Wen
At this time, won't you let us come?
Then come here.
below princess
Do you still have reinforcements?
What reinforcements?
Not a bunch of women
Still a troublesome woman
Hahahahaha
Princess
Shouldn't want to bribe us with women
Let's retreat
If it's a beautiful woman
Maybe we'll still think about it, hehehe
I'm afraid your identity can't afford it.
Hahahaha
Princess Wuhua Betrothal Gift Road